---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: josh.tollerfield
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1VyeSGp2eXvDtMcAl-z7dUVKORqYhmi4FBNHpukxrCvY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:  </td>
    <td>Making my github better and using python</td>
    <td> Date:  </td>
    <td>21/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>My knowledge of python and using github from previous lessons</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Learning to make a simple python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes by making my blog better </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>By working silently on my own trying to improve my github and finishing the starter. Which i managed to achieve come the end of the lesson. Listening to my friends and the teacher proved effective to aid my learning. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Making sure i follow the basic instructions set, otherwise it will not be to the standard it needs to be. Then I can focus on challenging myself even further to progress my learning. Individual working is a habit i need to work on. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will take my time rather than rushing things by taking care over my work. As last week my work was deleted so i had to start again half way through. I will also improve my learning by making my projects better asking for help if i am stuck and need help!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

Many people think this is fun, and it is. Below is my Repl.it from last week. Lets see how long your name is!

